Starting today,
I'm in charge here.
You.
Pour me a drink.
All the cash A Min skimmed is right here.
The punk wanted to grab the cash and bolt.
Good thing I had a backup plan.
I had his car tailed
and we cut him off.
What an idiot.
Can't even run away properly.
Madam,
once I count it, I'll take it back to the company.
The boys are waiting.
This A Min mess has dragged on for days.
Hold on.
Take the punk away.
You guys,
you're with me from now on.
Move.
Yes.
Recently,
an explosion struck a residential complex in the west of the city.
The initial police investigation indicates
it was caused by a thrown Molotov cocktail.
In the case footage circulating online,
the suspect has been identified as
a bar owner surnamed Min.
However, he remains at large.
The police are conducting an all-out manhunt.
Today, we've invited
a renowned criminology professor.
Why'd you turn it off?
I wanted to hear what the expert had to say.
What, you anxious?
Why would I be anxious?
You're the one who should be.
A case this nasty,
you'll have to beef up the police force again, right?
Aren't you pretty close
with that Feng Mao Company?
Give us some leads.
With things blowing up like this,
this isn't just some petty squabble.
Could it be that Zhang Yuanshan
is out for revenge against Bro Mao?
No idea.
All I know is Zhang Yuanshan
has some debts with Feng Mao.
Beyond that, I don't know.
The service station up ahead,
pull over.
Bro Mao.
You're that close with Chen Yongjiang?
"Bro Mao," he says.
How could I not be?
He's my boss.
Everyone calls him Bro Mao.
What else would I call him?
Consultant.
Consultant my foot.
Paopao,
we're going home.
Chestnut cake.
Thanks for the trouble.
Coming all this way.
Come on, it's nothing.
Just think of it as a vacation, right?
Yummy, so yummy!
So yummy!
Aren't you gonna thank Uncle?
Thank you, Uncle.
After the drip, she can be discharged.
Keep her away from crowded places.
Brother Xiao,
Madam wants to see you.
Probably about that employment agreement.
Okay.
I'll go see her tomorrow.
Alright.
Oh, right.
That last batch of money is all done.
A Min's channel is dead now.
For now, we'll run small transactions.
Keep some extra cards on you too.
Got it.
Appreciate it.
Sis, you're really not going back?
No, I'm really not.
I'll talk to Ya Ping later.
Paopao does need a couple days to rest.
We'll get together another time.
All right then.
But you really have to tell her, okay?
Otherwise she'll think I didn't try to invite you.
And she'll get on my case again.
Okay.
Go home and do your homework.
Once it's done, I'll take you to the amusement park.
How's that sound?
Uncle.
If you don't want to take me, just say so.
I really don't.
What are you talking about?
The kid's just joking.
Salute.
Okay.
Hurry on back now.
It's cold out here.
Let's go, come on.
Brother-in-law.
If you're short on money,
just tell our family.
We can pool it together or borrow it for you.
Don't go borrowing all over the place.
Okay?
Don't worry.
Drive safe.
Okay.
Brother Xiao.
Madam, you needed me?
Lawyer Luo.
Nothing major, I just called you over
to get Bro Mao to sign.
He just up and walked off,
left me holding the bag.
Come take a quick look.
Stop right there.
Dinner's almost ready.
Ping.
Hey, come here for a sec.
Play later, dry your hair first.
This card here
has 600,000 yuan in it.
For Paopao's treatment,
don't worry about the money.
We'll listen to the doctor.
Whatever treatment she needs, we'll do it.
Where did you get this money?
I...
took over an auto repair shop.
Business has been pretty good.
And I borrowed some from friends.
Anyway, you just don't need to worry.
Getting Paopao well is what matters most.
I heard...
Ya Ping told me
you got fired from the law firm.
What case was it over?
Isn't this better now?
I'm free, I have time,
and I can look after you two.
It's good.
I guess so.
Anyway, what's done is done.
So let's just look forward,
look on the bright side.
Dinner in 20 minutes.
Okay, it's not so cold now.
Let's make tonight a bit special.
Here, have some cola.
Let the kid have some.
Let her have some.
Just this once is fine.
She's had a tough time lately.
Let her have some, just a little.
Okay, okay, just this much.
Just this much.
Look at your mom.
Say another word and you won't even get this.
Don't you like this?
Here, come on.
Just how you like it.
I forgot to pay the electric bill.
I forgot too.
Awesome! I knew it!
Happy birthday.
Wonderful.
Slow down, don't bump into anything.
Lately,
it's been hard on you.
I haven't been much help.
We're each doing our part.
In such a short time,
you scraped together all her medical expenses.
It's been hard on you too.
Leaving you two out there alone,
I feel really bad about it.
Why are you saying that?
We're family.
Tonight,
are you staying with her?
She's probably
already asleep.
Besides, lately,
taking her to treatment, she's been pretty independent.
Paopao's growing up.
How come
you suddenly know this position?
Do you like it?
Will you forgive me too?
Boss.
Luo Xiao is here.
Lawyer Luo.
Come in.
Is Bro Mao
really dead?